Who the hell is going to kill me?
Brother Qiao, you are here, this is the explosion,
I thought it was just a little money, but I dare to mean it casually.
With Yi, I am my father. His father will not buy him alive.
Why are you here?
Why, you want to live to buy things?
Even if you eat, you can be beaten with explosives.
You don’t dare to be different from Tianyi. It’s the same as if you don’t enter.
Who is he?
Zhang Huaier, you didn’t even recognize him right away.
It’s hard not to keep Fu, the boss behind Longmen,
I take care of the boss, a stupid man,
He is the boss of Longmen, Tian Yiren,
Third brother, your boss
Isn't that wrong?
Everything you said is right
This is not asking me to take my life in the future
I'm waiting. I'll return the favor.
You actually said that to me?
I want me to be you again